NC-4241: [turnstile] Add more info about interactivity-timeout (#13275)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/turnstile/get-started/client-side-rendering.md

| `theme` | `data-theme` | The widget theme. Can take the following values: `light`, `dark`, `auto`. <br><br>The default is `auto`, which respects the user preference. This can be forced to light or dark by setting the theme accordingly. |
| `language` | `data-language` | Language to display, must be either: `auto` (default) to use the language that the visitor has chosen, or an ISO 639-1 two-letter language code (e.g. `en`) or language and country code (e.g. `en-US`). Refer to the [list of supported languages](/turnstile/reference/supported-languages/) for more information. |
| `tabindex` | `data-tabindex` | The tabindex of Turnstile's iframe for accessibility purposes. The default value is `0`. |

> | `timeout-callback` | `data-timeout-callback` | A JavaScript callback invoked when the challenge presented an interactive challenge but was not solved within a given time. A callback should reset the widget to allow a visitor to solve the challenge again. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timeout-callback` | `data-timeout-callback` | A JavaScript callback invoked when the challenge presents an interactive challenge but was not solved within a given time. A callback will reset the widget to allow a visitor to solve the challenge again. |
```
